Alright, welcome back.
Today we're going to check how many
versus how much.
Vamos a ver how much contra how many.
¿Cómo se usa?
Bueno, súper facilísimo.
Mira, how much significa cuánto o cuánta.
Okay, for example, how much rise.
Okay, o también podemos decir how much water.
Now, do you know how much water is there
in the ocean?
¿Sabes cuánta agua hay en el mar?
How much water.
Cuánta agua.
Now, we could also say how many.
How many is cuantos, cuantas.
For example, how many apples.
Cuantas manzanas.
How many apples.
Or we could also say how many pets.
Cuantas mascotas.
How many pets.
Alright, so how much cuánto.
How many cuantos.
Okay, how much cuánto.
There you go.
So, pretty good.
Now you know the difference.
Ahora ya sabes la diferencia.
Pretty good, pretty good.
So, don't forget to rate this video.
Dale ahí unas estrellitas a este video.
Also, write a comment down there of at
least 15 words.
Escribe un comentario allá abajo de
mínimo 15 palabras.
And don't forget, every step forward is a victory.
Cada paso hacia adelante es una victoria.
And you're going in the right direction.
Tú vas en la dirección correcta.
See you in the next one.